{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sampling\
\
slide 8: why 2^48? is that arbitrary? yes. trying to get needed resolution w/o overkill \'97 can adjust\
\
slide 11: not addressing question 4 \'97 this is the one we care about for gerrymandering? \'93what if we do not know the total number of objects in the bag of objects?\'94\
topic for today: question 5. I\'92m missing the motivation for this.\
\
slide 15: generator: uses a random draw to generate the outcome of interest x\
domain of epsilon != domain of x\
\
slide 16: bad generalization \'97 can\'92t ever see something that wasn\'92t observed.\
\
slide 19\'94 circular model. \
R: regularizer, used to make sure that samples from g actually look like unif(0,1)\
\
slide 23: critic: is the input real?\
f and D are neural nets, f is a function, D is a classifier\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
slide 35: I don\'92t get the objective dual\
best outcome: if critic always has prob(real)=0.5, which means we\'92ve confused it.\
(better if critic always thinks it\'92s real, but Ricardo says that\'92s very difficult)\
\'a0\
slide 39: want thie first term to be as large as possible bc these images are alwys real\
term 2: these images are always generated, want D to be small so term is large\
\'a0\
slide 40: want to generate large prob of D, fooling critic\
\'a0\
slide 43: don\'92t have to have the same number of samples from epsilon and x, but it\'92s convenient\
\'a0\
slide 47: difference is having a set of labels or covariates y. conditional adversarial learning. I don\'92t understand! This is a way to set covariates or aspects that you want the generated objects to have, I think? Y is a label (e.g. 0-9 for MNIST), so we can specify that the generator gives a set of random samples of a given digit.\
\'a0\
discriminator also needs y bc we want to know if discriminator thinks the image is both real and is a given digit\
\'a0\
what is the point of all of this??? the goal is to create larger sample sizes that can be used in other ways?\
\'a0\
slide 51: what is the idea of styles in non-image applications?\
f now takes s also which is a style that we add. force g to make sure epsilon doesn\'92t have any info about s\
now specify a second critic for style\
want the style critic not to know which style epsilon has \'96 to make sure epsilon has no style info\
\'a0\
adversarial disentanglement\
he\'92s using style as a metaphor for batch effects!! idea of two different studies over time where underlying info is expected to be the same\
epsilon then contains the important info summarized, with batch effects removed because the style critic is confused\
transfer learning or domain adaptation}